Account for flexible array members in the integer calling convention. (#471)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-elf-psabi-doc: riscv-cc.adoc

Aggregates larger than 2×XLEN bits are passed by reference and are replaced in
the argument list with the address, as are {Cpp} aggregates with nontrivial copy

> constructors, destructors, or vtables. Aggregates containing C99 flexible array
> members are similarly always passed by reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
constructors, destructors, or vtables. Aggregates of unknown size, for instance
C99 structs containing flexible array members, are always passed by reference.
```

This might be more future-proof, but I'm not sure "of unknown size" is the best way to explain this.
